hey guys it's def atoms begin from
archerytalk and the real deal broadhead
pale I just thought maybe you guys
wanted to see the sofa shaker on wedge
prototype videotape shot if it's going
to be from 40 yards and I've got a
camera at the target Thank You the
impact and then I'm going to keep this
camera rolling as well so when I shoot
I'll walk up to so you guys know exactly
40 yards and I'm not making it up so I
got one shot at this if I miss we'll see
what happens hopefully not so I've been
excited it in for it so I got one shot
with you a half
take a look and I really for sure here
start walking as you can see i was
definitely 40 yards away here
are you kidding me
let's take a look at the entrance hole
here
they're quite open
well
as you can see almost pretty much
incomplete pass through